(i) A 200-300 word explanation of the expected performance of the model in terms of mean
squared error and the key features driving the team’s modeling performance.

- While performing cross validation we found that we had a mean squared error of about 1.7 million and for random forest we had a similar mean squared error. Furthermore, when we used to GBM on the holdout set, we found that we had a MSE of about 1 million. This shows that there is definitely some variance in our model, which makes sense granted that we are using a non-linear model. So, for our test2 we believe that we will have a MSE in the range of 1.1 million and 1.7 million. Some of the key features driving our model are probably size_sqft, bathrooms, and bedrooms. However, the number of parks and number of schools may play an important role depending on the borough in which the apartment is located, as these might indicate how family friendly the neighborhood is. 

(ii) A 200-300 word summary outlining the team’s intended strategy to improve the predictions
for the final round.

-  Our team intends to improve the predictions for the final round by adding another feature with crime data from different neighborhoods. We will be using data of all the felonies from 2017 and 2018. We will create a circumference with a one mile radius around each rental, then will calculate the amount of crimes for each mile around the rentals. This way we can have a “number of felony crimes per mile” feature. Our assumption is that the rent in places with more felonies happening nearby will most likely be less compared to places with little to no felonies. We are also trying to use sentiment analysis on the description column to see if that might help us make a better prediction. We will also explore further possibilities for fixing the size sqft missing values, and perform more in-depth analysis to find possible outliers. We noticed that some properties have 0 bathrooms or 0 bedrooms, and also that certain properties have a much larger size square ft. 